MirKarte
────────

This is the beta version of an experimental map application.
It is designed to show maps from various tile sources (of which
quite a number are already included), geocaches and similar
waypoints, and have advanced abilities (display coordinates
under the cursor, draw lines, draw circles around points with
a given equidistance, etc).

The current version can locally (fully client-side) import
GPX files from TerraCaching (zipped or plain) and display
the caches on the map. Support for other geocaching platforms,
geodashing, etc. may be added later.

Some advanced map functionality is not yet implemented.

This is a beta. It may break horribly and I will not be held
responsible.

If you use this, you must check the terms of use of the
various tile or WMS services yourself.

Variants:
– index.htm (mirkarte.js): standard/basic map
– marker.htm (marker.js): allows multiple markers, quick hack,
  largely untested, markers cannot be removed, scrap
– geohashing.cgi (mirkarte.js): displays xkcd Geo Hashing waypoints
– ghtomorrow.cgi (mirkarte.js): same, but for the next day
– geovexilla.cgi (mirkarte.js): displays GeoVexilla.gpsgames.org flags

VCS repository:
https://evolvis.org/plugins/scmgit/cgi-bin/gitweb.cgi?p=useful-scripts/mirkarte.git

MirKarte is developed “on the side” by a developer from
The MirOS Project. Please feel invited to discuss it, send
patches, etc. to: <miros-discuss@mirbsd.org>
Web: http://news.gmane.org/gmane.os.miros.general


Browser notes
─────────────

Opera 9 mostly works, except right-clicks; subsequent
double-clicks need mouse movement in between. No File API.

Konqueror (KDE 4) with KHTML is pretty bad: right click is
mildly broken, panning is very annoying. No File API.

Konqueror (KDE 4) with Webkit works better. ZIP decoding
misses getting the progress and end events, but regular
GPX import works.

This was mostly tested with Firefox 24 ESR and 31 ESR on Debian.


Documentation
─────────────

TODO: create user docs, based on Leaflet docs.

Shift-Click (w/o dragging) is now the same as right-click.
But Shift-Doubleclick is broken now. Meh.


Other notes
───────────

GeoHashing is always calculated east of 30°W only.
The area is limited to a hard-coded value, currently
in between 42°N 6°W and 56°N 12°E. Run xkcd2js.sh
and change the CGIs to change this range.

Centre coordinates for GeoVexilla are currently hardcoded.
